c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.exe.config
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.exe
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.pdb
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-BL.dll
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-Ent.dll
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-DAL.dll
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-BL.pdb
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-Ent.pdb
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-DAL.pdb
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.g.resources
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas_UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.exe
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.pdb
c:\users\apol\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\apol\Source\Repos\VS\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\bin\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.exe.config
C:\Users\apol\Source\Repos\VS\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.exe
C:\Users\apol\Source\Repos\VS\WPFPersonas\WPFPersonas-UI\obj\Debug\WPFPersonas-UI.pdb
